oh and just got off the phone with my
wife and she wanted to know who is all
gonna be here tonight but I said well
you know honey I said I said Bush she'll
be there
she says George Bush the former
President of the United States is gonna
be at that function I said no - I said
one more fine and fielder for
the father Blue Jays she said Oh
I said I said Gretzky will be there
she said Keith Gretzky the car you
played against in the minors it's gonna
be at that girl said no his brother
Wayne yeah he was a hockey player - she
she said oh I said Clemens will be there
she said Roger Clemens the baseball
players gonna be at that
I said no yes I said like pinball time
is it but Watto Argonaut she said home I
said I said Williams will be there said
Brian Williams from CBC sports it's
gonna be at that function yeah honey
Brian Williams and CBC sports that's
right he said Oh
yeah it is a obviously great honor to be
here - such a formal function like this
where everybody at the head table has a
tuxedo one almost
guess the the BAE's formal line doesn't
come out till April
yeah
there's a lot of a lot of talk about
expansion still the National Hockey
League good and mr. Bevin I am grateful
for that and that not so much that have
any hopes of making a comeback to
finally give a chance to play in the NHL
it's just that when when my son gets
older I want to be able to look him
straight in the eye so you don't son you
old man
well we made it as far as the miners
gotta remember back when there were only
twenty fourteen job
in the in closing I'd like to thank the
Scotty Morrison and the committee
members for the invite to come on in
today which is obviously a very special
week it's really the only time I've ever
in my life done anything during all-star
week anywhere
I was fortunate that commissioners like
mr. Bevin or presidents of Whigs always
gave me the option of playing in the
game or taking time off to visit family
any family but to be able to you know
wait and I had some laughs coming over
in the limo tonight and of course I was
nervous because I'd never driven one
before
Lelaina and I would like to say this and
I like that well I wouldn't know no time
to be nice now I mean later go to the TV
set the last game and I think like
everybody here I read about my
retirement I didn't quite get the same
fanfare but but and I want to say this
right it hopefully doesn't come out the
wrong way but I I think you were a
really good player
really good